Yes, now would you stop bothering me you got close to me to use Victor against me
Are you there you used me?
I want your family or your business. I don't bother you anymore
I'm having trouble breathing
Can you stay with me, please?
Have you hurt, go see a doctor
Elena was right. The contract you photographed in the records room. I was
tampered with. I was reckless. I fell into a trap used as a pawn. Someone else
murdered my parents. Keep an eye on Elena. Let me know.
For the sake of exposing the real murderer. I'll let you live for now.
Why would you let that bitch live? Didn't we agree to get in front of her?
She's more valuable alive than dead. With science, if she were dead
would you still help me?